hey how's it going Dave TD here so 2018
is about to wrap up and I thought I'd
just do a quick video to kind of close
off the year first of all thank you for
all the support and stuff over the
course of 2018 it's been it's been
awesome really appreciate it and just be
able to make stuff and share it and have
you guys watch it is just awesome thank
you so much seriously you really
appreciate that so I wanted Twitter a
couple days ago or yesterday and I just
put up a question you know ask anything
Q&A video and there's gonna go through
some of them and answer some questions
okay next big thing in laptops I would
say obviously r-tx or the next
generation of graphics card is gonna be
coming out laptops relatively soon I
also think high refresh screens not that
we need them like the 144 Hertz panels
look great already but I think if
they're gonna do something this year
just to kind of make it more enticing
purchase it be higher refresh screens do
I buy all the products that I talked
about a lot of them I don't do I don't
like if you guys are new I don't do a
lot of sponsored and endorse content I
think it had like one or two sponsored
videos over the course this year and
usually my sponsored content is like
stuff that I absolutely 100% would
purchase and maybe even have purchased
in the past but usually my stuff is just
like straight up I buy it I review it
kind of thing sometimes they'll send me
stuff but usually it's just stuff that I
yeah I've gone out of my own and
purchased with my own money and do I
lift I haven't in in years YouTube and
just like having an adult life of the
family and kids stuff just there's not
much time for for the gym I do I make my
own intros yes I do I just do with After
Effects am i subscribed to PewDiePie
absolutely he was like one of the first
people I subscribed to on YouTube back
in the day do I have Yeezys I used to I
used to own a couple pair but ever since
it became super popular of just yeah
those shoes are dead to me
I love the artists I like I think
Kanye's music is great and wanted to
support him when they originally came
out but I mean I feel like the the hype
of ruined the
for me do I build towers I do
occasionally I showcase to feel my
channel you know what if I have time
before the before CES I will put up a
video of an interesting build that I've
been working on so let's say into you
from that if I have time I can't
guarantee anything do you get
preferential treatment from
manufacturers I would so obviously in to
some degree they're sending me stuff
which is great
I don't think though that brands look at
me as like some platform to just
broadcast an advertisement I think
brands are to recognize that a lot of
the reviews I put out are very real if a
product is good I give it a thumbs up of
a product as mediocre or poor I usually
take a dump on them and I think brands
are starting to recognize that so
they're cautious with what they send me
but that doesn't stop how I do my stuff
[Music]
what I morph into a crab or a sheep
probably a crab just to experience that
crustacean life I feel like a sheep is
still a mammal it's doing mammalian
things as long as I wouldn't die or get
eaten as a crab I think I'd be a crab
for a week am I gonna see yes I think I
will be I'm not a hundred percent sure I
kind of decide last minute but there's
probably something there that I want to
look at predictions for XPS 15 I like
that question the XPS 15 is one of my
favorite laptops I think it was the best
device that Dell has ever put out and
it's due for a hardware like just
overall it's been refreshed year on year
and year I think it needs an overhaul
pretty badly I would love to see one
this year I think we might see one in
terms of timing this would be the year
to see a XPS do use lights when I first
started youtube I use an actual light
for the first like two or three years of
youtube I use natural light I've
recently started to use like artificial
light to supplement because I like to be
able to just shoot in the evening or at
night which is nice
Canon 1dx mark - I shoot some of my
thumbnails on it it's a great
photography camera but I don't feel like
I personally enjoy using it for video
ography as much as I'd like to it's just
the the files are huge and like it's
just it's a difficult codec to work with
the bubble created by companies like
Apple and Google absolutely so I think
Asian smartphones like Xiaomi Huawei
eventually it's just a matter of time
they're gonna penetrate the North
American market and they're gonna crush
I don't know it's gonna be like this
year or next year or five years from now
but just the shape of what they're
capable of those Chinese brands but
entering that North American market is a
hard it's really hard for them that the
whole thing about like spyware on their
hardware and they just don't get
software the way that North American
companies seem to so yeah I think
eventually it's gonna change like how
Apple and Google do business but right
now Apple and Google can still charge
crazy amounts of money do I still make
2d games I don't anymore
just timewise I used to do that stuff as
a hobby for fun and it's YouTube is now
my my side Jam would I like to switch -
you know I've said this before in
previous videos I feel like YouTube is
always gonna be a side thing for me I
don't like that pressure of it being a
full-time thing but for now YouTube side
Jam I like it
phones have been to steal me recently I
agree
phones have reached this like feature
parity where like it doesn't matter if
you're buying a $300 phone or a $1200
phone they're all using snapdragons like
top line chip they all have good cameras
the difference is honestly like camera
right the difference between like apakah
phones if you watch mrquez's video
another the prop the PACU phone has a
pretty good camera and like the top-end
phones like the difference is seriously
camera quality or just like for people
that are really into photography camera
quality so
I don't know man I personally I don't
buy phones just for cameras so it is so
weird to see $1,200 phones just able to
be sold right now kind of kills me best
tip for helping another content creator
for getting started having done this for
almost four years now I would consider
myself like a somewhat seasoned on
YouTube I know this is something you're
gonna hear a million times but if you if
it's just be yourself you have to be
real to who you are for you to just kind
of do its thing a lot of people look at
YouTube content creators like the big
guys out there and just try to like
emulate it and they try to make their
own variant of that type of content and
it's just maybe it works for some people
but I think if you really want YouTube
to be your tube you got to just roll
with whatever you feel like inside
whoever you are as a person just the
best version of that put that on YouTube
[Music]
increase in RAM size on mobile phones I
think that's like I think that's such a
it's a Kamaka ting thing right six gigs
of RAM 8 gigs of RAM never seen 12 gigs
of RAM on phones where some of the
top-line phones that are using four gigs
of ram with better memory management you
can get by with way less Ram it's
cheaper to just stuff your phones with
tons of RAM uses more battery and cost
more but it ends up being cheaper
because of the software development time
outtake to do proper memory management I
think this video is getting long last
question here dazzle is despit displays
ones flagship phones yeah it's because
we have feature parity because
everything is like so good what's the
one way to differentiate your phone from
the competitor it's thinner bezels it's
something that's super expensive to
produce and it's something that a lot of
the cheaper companies and smaller
companies can't replicate as readily so
it's like hey we got thinner bezels this
is consequently a better phone buy ours
it's a marketing thing but that's the
world we live in
okay thanks for 2018-2019 is like a
couple days away
appreciate all the love and support
you've given me over this year and the
2019 is hopefully gonna be awesome
thumbs if you like this video subs if
you loved it see you guys next time